how could you live forever so if you
imagine you go far far into the future
it's thought that the universe will
eventually arrive at this what we call
the heat death where entropy takes over
all the stars burn out and there's very
very little energy left in the universe
intrinsically until there's eventually
almost nothing he imagined that you
could simulate yourselves but you could
adjust the speed of the simulation so
that one day for you actually takes in
the real world maybe a thousand years to
simulate so you're essentially moving
you know almost in slow motion in your
simulation and then once you know you've
used up the energy that's available then
you slow it down ever more and ever more
and ever more and as long as you keep
slowing it down you can actually live
forever it's called Dyson's Eternal
intelligence